https://plotly-book.cpsievert.me/* https://plotly-r.com/:splat 301!

# redirect some links from the 1st edition

https://plotly-r.com/plot-ly-for-collaboration.html https://plotly-r.com

https://plotly-r.com/extending-ggplotly.html https://plotly-r.com/improving-ggplotly.html

https://plotly-r.com/the-plotly-cookbook.html https://plotly-r.com/overview.html

https://plotly-r.com/installation.html https://plotly-r.com/introduction.html#run-code-examples

https://plotly-r.com/key-frame-animations.html https://plotly-r.com/animating-views.html

https://plotly-r.com/linking-views-without-shiny.html https://plotly-r.com/client-side-linking.html

https://plotly-r.com/shiny-plotly-inputs.html https://plotly-r.com/linking-views-with-shiny.html#shiny-plotly-inputs

https://plotly-r.com/merging-plotly-objects.html https://plotly-r.com/arranging-views.html#arranging-plotly-objects

https://plotly-r.com/translating-custom-ggplot2-geoms.html https://plotly-r.com/custom-geoms.html

# redirects to shinyapps

https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-intro.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-intro
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-ggplotly.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-ggplotly
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/plotlyEvents.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/plotlyEvents
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/3Devents.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/3Devents
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-edit-annotations.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-edit-annotations
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-drag-circle.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-drag-circle
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/interactive-lm.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/interactive-lm
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-drag-line.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-drag-line
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-parcoords.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-parcoords
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-parcoords-data.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-parcoords-data
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-corrplot.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-corrplot
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/event-priority.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/event-priority
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/discrete-event-data.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/discrete-event-data
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-hover-persist.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-hover-persist
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-lmGadget.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-lmGadget
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-scatterplot.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-scatterplot
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-scatterplot-performant.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-scatterplot-performant
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-partial-restyle.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-partial-restyle
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-mapbox-relayout.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-mapbox-relayout
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-rangeslider-relayout.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-rangeslider-relayout
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-stream.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-stream
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-drill-down-pie.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-drill-down-pie
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-drill-down-bar-time.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-drill-down-bar-time
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-drill-down-bar-time-history.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-drill-down-bar-time-history
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-drill-down.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-drill-down
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-crossfilter-naive.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-crossfilter-naive
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-crossfilter-kde.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-crossfilter-kde
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-crossfilter.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-crossfilter
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-crossfilter-compare.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-crossfilter-compare
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-drag-brush.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-drag-brush
https://plotly-r.com/interactives/shiny-crosstalk-examples.html https://testing-apps.shinyapps.io/shiny-crosstalk-examples
